docs/Basic Math Tools/03 Multivariate Calculus.md, before:

# Multivariate Calculus

Let a function $f$ be defined as $f:\R^d\to\R$. This will be used to refernce each multivariate function described in this article.

## Lines
- A line in $\R^d$ is a subset of $\R^d$
- A line through point $u\in\R^d$ along the vector $x\in\R^d$ is given by $\{x\in\R^d: x= u +\alpha v, \alpha\in\R\}$
- A line through two points $u,u'\in\R^d$ is given by $\{x\in\R^d:x=u+\alpha(u-u'), \alpha\in\R\}$

## Hyper Plane
- A hyperplane of $d-1$ dimensions $\subseteq R^d$.
- A hyperplane perpendicular to a vector $w\in\R^d$ with a value $b\in\R$ is given by $\{x\in\R^d:w^Tx=b\} = \{x\in\R^d:\sum_{i=1}^dw_ix_i=b\} $ 

## Partial Derivatives
The partial derivative of $f$ is defined as the derivative of $f$ with respect to one of the variables, keeping the other variables constant, i.e.,

$$
\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_i}(v) = lim_{\alpha\to{0}}\cfrac{f(v+\alpha e_i)-f(v)}{\alpha}
$$.
Here $e_i$ is the $i^{th}$ unit vector in $\R^d$.

Let $f:\R^d\to\R$ and $f=1x_1+2x_2+\dots nx_n$

Then the partial derivative of $f$ 
- with respect to the variable $x_1$ is 
$$
\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_1} = 1
$$
- with respect to the variable $x_2$ is 
$$
\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_2} = 2
\\\ \\\vdots
$$
and so on

## Gradients

Let $f:\R^d\to\R$ be defined.

Then $\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x} = \begin{bmatrix}\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_1},\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_2}, \cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_3}, \cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_4}, \cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_5}, \dots, \cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_d}, \end{bmatrix}$

Hence the gradient is equal to $[\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x}]^T$, i.e.,
$$
\cfrac{\triangledown f}{\triangledown x} = \begin{bmatrix}
\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_1}\\\ \\
\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_2}\\ \ \\
\vdots\\\ \\\
\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_n}
\end{bmatrix}
$$

Commit message:

Added gradients and Linear Approximation

docs/Basic Math Tools/03 Multivariate Calculus.md, after:

# Multivariate Calculus

Let a function $f$ be defined as $f:\R^d\to\R$. This will be used to refernce each multivariate function described in this article.

## Lines
- A line in $\R^d$ is a subset of $\R^d$
- A line through point $u\in\R^d$ along the vector $x\in\R^d$ is given by $\{x\in\R^d: x= u +\alpha v, \alpha\in\R\}$
- A line through two points $u,u'\in\R^d$ is given by $\{x\in\R^d:x=u+\alpha(u-u'), \alpha\in\R\}$

## Hyper Plane
- A hyperplane of $d-1$ dimensions $\subseteq R^d$.
- A hyperplane perpendicular to a vector $w\in\R^d$ with a value $b\in\R$ is given by $\{x\in\R^d:w^Tx=b\} = \{x\in\R^d:\sum_{i=1}^dw_ix_i=b\}$ 

## Partial Derivatives
The partial derivative of $f$ is defined as the derivative of $f$ with respect to one of the variables, keeping the other variables constant, i.e.,

$$
\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_i}(v) = lim_{\alpha\to{0}}\cfrac{f(v+\alpha e_i)-f(v)}{\alpha}
$$
Here $e_i$ is the $i^{th}$ unit vector in $\R^d$

Let $f:\R^d\to\R$ and $f=1x_1+2x_2+\dots nx_n$

Then the partial derivative of $f$ 
- with respect to the variable $x_1$ is 
$$
\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_1} = 1
$$
- with respect to the variable $x_2$ is 
$$
\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_2} = 2
\\\ \\\vdots
$$
and so on

## Gradients

Let $f:\R^d\to\R$ be defined.

Then $\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x} = \begin{bmatrix}\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_1},\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_2}, \cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_3}, \cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_4}, \cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_5}, \dots, \cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_d}, \end{bmatrix}$

Hence the gradient is equal to $[\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x}]^T$, i.e.,
$$
\cfrac{\triangledown f}{\triangledown x} = \begin{bmatrix}
\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_1}\\\ \\
\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_2}\\ \ \\
\vdots\\\ \\\
\cfrac{\partial f}{\partial x_n}
\end{bmatrix}
$$

## Linear Approximations and Gradients
Let $f$ be a function defined from $\R^d\to\R$

Then the linear approximation of $f$ at a vector $v\in\R^d$ is given by, 

$$
L_v[f](x)= f(x) = f(v) + \triangledown f(v)^T(x-v)
$$

## Gradients and Tangent Planes
The graph of $L_v[f]$ is
